Hi, everyone. I'm the host for today. I'm Zhang Yanyong.
We're going to have our 23rd Tara Talk this year.
We're honored to have Dr. Wang Lingya as our speaker today.
She's my senior at NTU.
Wait a minute.
Lingya studied medicine at NTU.
After graduating from the PhD program at NTU,
she came to Nanyang University.
She's actually our neighbor.
We've met quite a few times.
After doing her PhD, Lingya majored in virology.
That's the topic she's going to talk about today.
Today's topic is Molecular Biology Study of Hepatitis C Virus and Autophagy.
Is that how you pronounce it?
Yes.
I don't know. If I pronounce it wrong, Lingya will correct me.
Without further ado, let's welcome Lingya.
Oh, right. Autophagy.
There are two things I want to remind you of.
First, if you don't want to speak,
turn off your microphone so that you won't have noise.
Second, when you clap, remember to turn on your microphone so that you can hear.
Let's welcome our speaker.
Hello, everyone. I'm Lingya.
As the host just said,
I'm doing my PhD in Nanyang University.
I'm majoring in virology.
When you watch a movie,
you'd think that you're walking around in a white gown in a lab.
But in fact, the most commonly used technology in our department is molecular biology.
So today, I'm going to talk about some methods of molecular biology
and how it's used to study viruses.
I'll talk about autophagy later.
Molecular biology.
As you can imagine,
biology is a big topic.
But molecular biology is about small molecules.
We learned in middle school that
DNA converts into RNA and converts into protein.
So the so-called genes are all on DNA.
After a series of synthesis,
it becomes protein.
When we study viruses,
we study almost everything.
It's either DNA, RNA, or protein.
These things are very small,
so you can't see them with the naked eye.
So our experiments are often done on
very small transparent objects.
For example,
a 100-microliter or even a 1-microliter object.
Basically, you can't see it with your eyes.
So if you go on a trip,
you might not know which one you're holding.
They all look the same,
so you don't know.
This is mainly about molecular biology.
It's about looking at the performance of DNA, RNA, or protein.
I just mentioned cells.
We also taught this in middle school.
Cells look like this.
There's a cell box, a cell paper, a cell film,
and there's a lot of air in it.
But the textbook will draw it cuter.
It's more like a starfish.
But in fact, the cells under the wire
are filled very slowly.
You can see this is the cell box,
and then the cell film,
and in the middle is the cell paper.
There's a lot of air in the cell paper.
All the so-called air
is actually made up of a lot of film,
all kinds of bubbles.
This is a little bit bigger.
You can see there's a lot of film,
a lot of bubbles.
These films and bubbles are actually all fat.
They're all made up of lipids.
Different bubbles have different functions.
Some are producing energy.
Some are making protein.
Some are making cyanide.
They're helping our cells maintain a good operation.
We need these cells.
Out of all these cells,
the autophagy we're going to talk about today
is actually a cyanide job.
To put it simply,
when our cells have
old bacteria,
or broken proteins,
or even when there's a virus infection,
or something from the outside,
it's all based on this cyanide
to get rid of these bad or old things.
Since it's a function of cyanide,
it will naturally follow the death of cells,
or cancer,
or like our immune response.
Because of the immune response,
the immune response needs to get rid of
some bad things from the virus or bacteria.
For example, neurodegenerative diseases
are all related to the function of this cyanide autophagy.
What we're going to focus on today
is infectious diseases.
Viruses are infectious diseases.
The function of autophagy
is mainly...
This is a cell membrane.
This brown one is a cell membrane.
We can see that
there are a lot of membranes in our cells.
It is a small membrane
made up of some fat
in a circle.
It will slowly get longer
and become a bubble.
Inside this bubble,
it will contain the bad things
that it will destroy later.
This bubble is called autophagosome.
I don't know how to say it in Chinese,
so please remember it.
It's called autophagosome.
It has a lot of enzymes
in this bubble.
These enzymes are used to
break down proteins.
When these two membranes are combined,
the substances in their cells
will be different.
This enzyme will
break down the proteins.
Let me talk a little bit about
the later process.
Every department has its own
application science or basic science.
The virus science I do
is very basic science.
It is purely studying
what protein, what gas
will react with the virus
in the cells.
When people ask me
if I'm doing medicine,
if I'm doing vaccines,
if I'm treating cancer,
it has nothing to do with clinical trials.
So when we talk about
basic virus science,
a lot of people think it's boring.
Today, I hope everyone
can understand this field.
How does autophagosome work?
From a simple membrane
to a circle,
it's easy to break down proteins.
As you can see in this picture,
this is a small membrane,
phagophore.
It will slowly become
a complete circle, autophagosome.
At the end, it's a fusion membrane.
The lysosome that breaks down proteins
is called autolysosome.
There are a lot of other proteins
that control the whole process.
Because the membrane doesn't
automatically merge together.
There must be a protein controlling it.
We can see that when phagophore
is still a fragment,
there is a protein called ATG5.
It will be specifically
combined on this membrane.
So when we monitor
the number of membranes in our cells,
when we specifically monitor
the membrane of this fragment,
we will look at the performance
of the protein ATG5.
If ATG5 performs well,
it means the membrane performs well.
So we call it a marker.
It's specifically for marking.
The marker on autophagosome
is LC3.
So in the experiment later,
if we talk about ATG5,
it's marking the membrane.
If we talk about LC3,
it's marking the autophagosome bubble.
How do we know
if the protein has been
broken down?
There is a protein called P62.
Every time it's in the autophagosome,
it will be wrapped inside.
So if it's broken down in the end,
we can see that
the performance of P62 will drop.
So these three things
are what we mainly do
when we do autophagosome,
to monitor how far it has come.
Why do we need to study
viruses and autophagosome?
We just mentioned that
autophagosome has the function
of cleaning the skin.
It can remove the protein
from the virus.
In theory,
autophagosome should be useful
to fight against viruses.
But many studies have found
that some viruses will
use autophagosome
to reproduce the virus
to fight against the virus.
This is a typical example
of how the virus
kidnaps the mechanism
inside the cell
to reproduce itself.
The virus is actually
something between
living and non-living.
Why is it non-living?
Because our cells
are made up of cell nucleus.
There are a lot of cells
that can produce energy
but not the virus.
The virus has some
scattered DNA and RNA
and a shell
made up of protein.
That's it.
The virus itself
has no biological ability.
But because it contains
DNA and RNA,
it is considered
a living organism.
So it is between
living and non-living.
The virus itself
has no biological ability.
It has to infect the cell.
So when we
are outside,
we don't see
the virus floating around.
It will die if it is outside.
It has to infect the cell.
The reproduction rate
of bacteria or cells
is 1 to 2, 2 to 4, 4 to 8.
If we look at
the reproduction rate,
we will find that it is a log curve.
When it reaches a certain level
of oxygen or space,
it will start to die.
This is the growth curve
that a normal cell should have.
But the virus is very different.
It is made up of
a lot of DNA and RNA
in our cells.
There are also a lot of
shell proteins.
It is a bit like a factory
that produces parts.
When it is ready to ship,
it will assemble everything.
So if we look at
the virus in the patient's blood,
we will find that
the virus in the patient's blood
will decrease at first
because the virus is all in the cell.
So we can't detect it.
In the second stage,
when the virus is in the cell
and it is producing these parts,
we will feel like
the virus is all in the cell.
When it is ready to ship,
it will release it all at once.
So it is like an explosion.
This is why patients
who are infected with the virus
sometimes feel like
they are fine and
there are no symptoms.
But suddenly,
they are very weak
because the virus
is all out.
This is the difference
between A, B, C, D, E, and G.
There are many kinds of
hepatitis B virus.
In fact,
most people are studying A to E.
A and E
are eating something
that is not clean.
They are eating something
that is contaminated by the virus.
A and E are all sick.
They will be fine after a few weeks.
But B, C, D,
they will all
be infected.
As you can see,
when the virus is still
hiding in our cells,
this is called the incubation period.
At this stage,
our cells
do not detect
any foreign matter inside.
Then it can escape our immune system.
This is why some
virus infections
eventually lead to hepatitis B.
It is hiding in our cells.
Hepatitis C virus
has an incubation period,
but it can also become hepatitis B.
Hepatitis B can eventually
turn into liver cancer.
Not every virus
can turn into liver cancer.
So,
the current
hepatitis C virus
is still very common
in the world.
Many researchers
are still studying it.
Hepatitis C is an RNA virus.
Simply put,
when it infects cells,
it will decompose.
Then the RNA
will come out.
The first thing it does
is to rob
the protein
in our cells.
It is called the intracranial network.
After it robs the protein,
it is like saying,
don't make cell proteins anymore,
virus proteins
are made in large quantities.
Large amounts of virus proteins
will help it make more virus RNA.
More virus RNA
will make more virus proteins.
This is how
a lot of RNA and protein
are made in our cells.
Finally, it is assembled
and released in one breath.
Many studies have found that
HCV's RNA
copies are on the membrane.
There are many kinds of RNA in our cells.
Sorry, I have a question.
Can I interrupt you?
Or do you want to
ask one question at a time?
You can interrupt me,
but there will be lag.
My question is
this.
I see.
My question is
you said that
this thing will go in
and remove this
and do this.
It sounds very smooth
and like an animation.
I am curious
about this.
Is it from some data
or can it be
visualized?
Actually, there are many steps.
Visualizing is one of them.
For example, someone
can see that
the virus particles
are on the surface of our cells.
They can also see that
the cell membrane goes in
and the virus is eaten.
This is visualized.
However, in the research of
molecular biology,
we can't just see it.
It may be an accident.
We can see that
the surface of our cells
also contains some proteins.
The virus uses
its own protein to interact
with the protein on the surface of our cells.
It is like a door
that opens a key.
It goes in.
This is an interesting point.
Why does the surface of our cells
have proteins to let the virus
combine?
It is similar to rice.
After many years of evolution,
it has found a way
to enter our cells.
The protein on the surface of the cell
is not specifically for the virus.
It also has its own function.
The virus
uses the protein function
to let it enter the cell.
Of course,
the whole process
also has a lot of proteins
in it.
If all of them are drawn,
there will be a lot of proteins in it.
This is the result of evolution.
The control proteins
are not drawn in the soil.
Does this answer your question?
I have a question.
Please ask.
Yes, thank you.
You said that
RNA
allows cells
to produce protein.
Does it also produce
more RNA?
I forgot
the name.
Can it produce
protein and RNA at the same time?
It is like this.
This is called
an intracranial network.
This function is specifically for protein.
After the protein of the virus
is produced,
the RNA of the virus
is produced on the other membrane.
What is the other membrane?
This is what everyone is studying.
Our lab found that
it is made on the
autophagy membrane.
Some membranes are responsible for protein.
Some membranes are responsible for RNA.
After making a lot of them,
we put them together
and throw them out of the cell.
The process of throwing them out of the cell
is like HCV.
It is actually
a virus that
has not broken the cell.
Some viruses
will break the cell.
It means that
when it goes out,
it will kill the cell.
This will kill the cell
and make our body weaker.
It is like your body's cells
keep dying.
Killing cells is not very powerful.
It means that once it kills
your host,
it will die.
It is like Ebola.
It will kill people.
As long as you isolate
those people,
they will be fine.
HCV or HIV
will cause AIDS.
It will lurk
and not kill you.
It can exist in the natural world
for a long time.
Does this answer your question?
Thank you.
I have a question
about that page.
This one?
Yes.
This page is...
I thought
the growth of cells
is exponential.
So it starts with
log and then becomes exponential.
It starts with lag phase
and then log phase.
Of course,
our cells cannot
keep growing
because of space and nutrients.
So when it reaches a critical point,
it will enter
the death phase.
This is how
the life cycle of cells
looks like.
If it doesn't die,
it will become cancer.
I see.
So the virus has
a mathematical
growth
or something else?
Actually, every virus
is different.
For example,
let's take a look at
the flu virus.
We have heard about
H5N1 before.
That's because
it has
9 RNAs.
Each RNA
will produce
different RNAs.
So it will produce
9 different RNAs.
For example,
the 9 RNAs must be
mass-produced.
When it is packed,
the 9 RNAs must be packed.
So it may catch the wrong 9 RNAs.
For example,
the number of RNAs
is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
Then the virus will die.
The number of RNAs produced
and the number of RNAs packed
are different.
So
we can't
calculate
the number of RNAs
in a mathematical way.
There are many accidents
such as mutation
or wrong packing.
But we can't
figure out the exact number.
We can only use the approximate number.
It's hard to explain.
The reason why we do
HCV and autophagy
is that
we have a cell
that is infected.
This is a cell
infected with HCV.
We found that the green bubbles
are the autophagy bubbles.
Why do we know
these green bubbles?
Because we mentioned that
the marker of autophagosome
is LC3.
So we can detect
the LC3 of the cell.
When you see LC3,
it means it is autophagosome.
So if we can see
the LC3 in the cell with HCV,
it means the cell is doing autophagy.
This is the process of infection.
I mainly want to see the lower cell.
The darker the cell color
shows that
there is more LC3.
It also means that
there is more LC3
under the HCV infection.
It means that
the bubbles in the cell
are more and more.
PCC2 is the cell
that is decomposed
in the last phase.
It means that
the process of
autophagy in the cell
will be completed.
Let me introduce
what these two methods mean.
In the cell dye,
we can design
genetic engineering.
It is a DNA
outside the body
that we can design at will.
For example,
we want to put this gene series
into the cell.
We put this DNA series
into the cell,
and then put the protein gene
that we want to show.
After the DNA RNA makes the protein,
this protein will be green.
How to make it green?
We send this DNA
from the outside of the cell
to the inside of the cell.
This DNA makes RNA
and becomes protein.
Then we can see
that the protein
that we let
to produce green light
is behind it
or in front of it.
So it will be bright.
Otherwise, the cell itself
will not be bright.
What if the protein
is not bright?
Because not every protein
we want to send from the outside of the cell.
After all, sending from the outside of the cell
is an artificial method.
We can assume that
this is a wave.
The cells on the wave
have the protein we want.
Then we can use antibodies to recognize it.
This is the first antibody.
Every antibody
will only recognize one target.
This is a very transferable thing.
So if you have an A protein now,
you have to use the A antibody to recognize it.
This Y-shaped thing
is the antibody.
Its head is the target
that we want to recognize.
It's very transferable.
But its tail
is almost the same
as everyone else's.
So we can use the second antibody
to recognize the butt.
Then the butt of the second antibody
will light up.
We use this method to detect
some non-bright proteins.
Then you might ask,
why don't you just connect
a bright thing to the butt of the first antibody?
We have tens of millions
of proteins.
If you have to design
an antibody for each protein,
and its tail has to emit green light,
red light, or blue light,
then you have to make a protein
every time.
It's a waste of money.
So you can imagine
that the second antibody
is a transferable tool.
It can recognize
the butt of the first antibody.
So if you want to study
other proteins,
you only need to change the first antibody.
You can connect the same second antibody
to make it light up.
The so-called light up
is like the cell dye we just saw.
If we want to see
how bright the protein is,
because if we look at the cell dye,
you can actually adjust the light
to make the color look bright
or dark.
In this way,
we can only see
the location of the cell.
But it's more or less.
We still have to do it in another way.
This method
is also a brief introduction.
This thing in the middle
is a cornea.
If you haven't eaten cornea when you were a kid,
it's probably something like that.
That thing
looks solid to us.
But for small molecules,
the holes in it are actually quite large.
Each protein
actually has electricity.
So after charging,
the protein we take out of the cell
is the protein of all cells.
We want to separate it.
After running the current,
the smaller protein
will run farther.
For example, if we add protein from here,
it will run to the back
after passing the current.
The larger protein will be stuck on top.
So this method
is to separate from large to small.
Because
cornea itself can't do
more advanced experiments,
so we have to run it again and lay it down.
This cornea was originally made of paper.
Then lay it down
and run it again.
Let it print to the
membrane below.
It can be imagined that it is a piece of paper.
Although its material is not paper.
Then on this piece of paper,
there will be what we just talked about.
This is the protein arranged
from large to small.
If you want to measure the protein
position here,
add it to the antigen
and then add the second antigen
to make it glow.
Then we can detect the signal.
The so-called detection signal
is a traditional method of using a film.
It's the kind of film that everyone knows.
We know that when there is light,
the film will turn black.
This means that the more protein,
the more antigen it receives.
The more light it emits,
the blacker it will be.
So if we go back to
what we just said,
this means
that there is very little protein.
Then the one on the right
means that it has a lot of protein.
So we use this method
to separate the various
proteins in the cell
from large to small.
Then use the antigen to detect
how much it performs.
Back to HCV and autophagy.
There has been research
that HCV's RNA
copy will be on the membrane.
There are so many membranes
in our cells.
What membrane will it use?
Our lab mainly found that
it will use the autophagy membrane.
So many steps in autophagy,
so many membranes,
First of all,
this is also an electromagnetic map.
Look at the curved
phagophore in the cell.
It looks like this.
Then it will be assembled
into a circle,
which is autophagosome.
I just said that
it may not be true when the eyes see it.
It may just happen to be
put together.
So we really have to prove that it will be
integrated together.
As mentioned earlier,
we put the ATG5,
which is specialized
to label the
phagophore
marker.
ATG5
means phagophore.
We send the DNA
with green light
to the cell.
It will show the ATG5
with green light.
ATG5 will run to the membrane.
So simply put,
the phagophore in this cell
will be green.
We use red light for the other cell.
So the phagophore in this cell
will be red.
If these two membranes
are combined,
it will turn yellow.
If not, you will see
red or green.
So we use this method
to see if
these two membranes
can be put together.
This diagram may be a little small.
I don't know if you can see it.
When our cells
are under pressure,
such as starvation,
when the cells are starved,
or when they are infected
by the virus,
autophagy will start to occur.
Then we can see
the ATG5
phagophore formation.
We can see
the yellow dots
on the membrane.
These are yellow dots.
This means that
in the HCV-infected cell,
the membrane will
merge
with the membrane.
It will become a
circle bubble.
It won't merge
with the membrane.
This is just a demo.
How does protein
control membrane fusion?
Some proteins
will go to A membrane.
This B membrane
may also have another protein.
These proteins
interact with each other
to pull these two membranes
together,
resulting in their fusion.
This is how the membrane
will merge with the membrane.
We found that
there is a protein called
syntax-insider.
It will merge
the membrane.
To prove
the function of a protein,
the simplest way
is to let it show
or not show.
You suspect that a protein
will do something.
In order to prove
the function of a protein,
the simplest way
is to remove the protein.
If the protein
does not show
the function of a protein,
the protein will not
show the function of a protein.
How can we prevent
a protein from not showing?
We designed some RNAs
and sent them into the cell.
The key point
is that
the RNA we designed
will target
the RNA we don't want it to show.
The RNA will be
cut off.
We just said that
DNA makes RNA,
RNA makes protein.
If we let a gene's RNA
be cut off,
it can't make protein.
This is just a technique.
This technique is to
make the protein we want
not show.
We can see that
ATG5
is the marker
on the membrane.
We can also see that
Syntaxin7
is the protein that will
merge the membrane.
The green one is the membrane.
The red one is the protein
that will merge the membrane.
We can see that
Syntaxin7
is the protein
on the membrane.
Next,
we use
the red membrane
and the green membrane
to see that
in the HCV cell,
the red and green membrane
will merge together.
We can see the yellow dots.
When we show
the protein
on the membrane,
there are no yellow dots.
This means that
the existence of this protein
is very important
for the green and red membrane
to merge together.
Without it,
the membrane won't merge.
Next,
if the membrane doesn't merge,
it's useless.
This method is called
taking all the protein
from the cell
with different concentration of sugar.
At the bottom,
there is 80% of sugar water.
It's almost a piece of water.
The higher it is,
the thinner the sugar is.
After going through a super high speed reaction,
the lighter protein will float to the top.
We just said that the membrane is fat.
It's very light.
It will float to the top.
We use this method
to make the structure
of the membrane
independent.
We don't want to mix it with others.
We just want to take this membrane.
We found that
this is too complicated.
Anyway,
after we made
the structure of the membrane
independent,
we found that
the membrane
won't merge
with other proteins.
It has a way
to make the
HCV RNA replicates.
This may be easier
to understand later.
In other words,
the structure of
ATG5
is enough
to support the replication of
HCV RNA.
We can also see
the structure of
LC3
and
B and C.
B and C are
virus proteins.
We can see that
virus proteins are on LC3.
This method
allows LC3 to glow
and virus proteins to glow.
After we put the images
together,
we found that the signals are on the same point.
It means that it is on the same point.
This is the virus RNA.
It is also on LC3.
This means that
there are virus proteins and
virus RNA on LC3.
We also found that
HCV not only
uses the membrane
to replicate,
it also uses the whole membrane
to replicate.
To make a simple diagram,
when the
phagophore is made,
it needs to rely on
SYN7 to
combine them together
to form a circle.
We found that HCV will
replicate on these three
membranes.
However,
ATG5 will
break down the protein
at the end.
Because if it starts to
break down the protein,
it is not good for the virus.
The virus will
try to stop the
subsequent step.
How does it stop?
We use another
LC3.
It will emit red light and green light.
When it is in the phagophore stage,
because it emits red light and green light,
we see that it is yellow.
When it is
merged with the last step,
it becomes autolysosome.
The green light will be broken down,
but the red light will remain.
This is a cell observation method.
When you see yellow,
it means it is still in autolysosome.
When you see red,
it means it has entered the last stage.
Look at this diagram.
When it is still in this stage,
it will be yellow.
If it enters the last stage,
the step of breaking down the protein
will turn red.
In the case of virus infection,
from 6 hours to 12 hours,
one day to two days,
we can see that
it is always yellow.
Until the 24th hour,
it is still yellow,
which means it is still in this stage.
It is always very late.
It becomes red after two days,
and then enters the last stage.
What mechanism keeps it
in autolysosome stage
instead of entering the last stage?
We can see
that there are two proteins.
One is Rubicon.
Rubicon's performance increases first,
and then UV-REG's performance
increases later.
What are these two proteins doing?
It is easier to explain with a diagram.
In general,
UV-REG's function
is to let these two membranes
merge,
which is autolysosome and autofagosome,
to enter the last stage.
But in the early stage of HCV virus infection,
it will let Rubicon
perform a lot,
and then it will squeeze out UV-REG.
This protein is
designed to prevent this fusion.
If it doesn't happen,
a lot of autofagosome
membranes will accumulate.
The more membranes,
the happier the virus will be,
because it can use these membranes
to reproduce.
It just wants these membranes,
so it doesn't want them to merge
But in the late stage of
HCV infection,
it may not be able to stop it.
Our UV-REG is back,
and it squeezes out Rubicon again.
So it will let this fusion
continue.
When it comes to the end,
HCV can no longer
stop the fusion of this membrane,
so it uses another membrane.
This is someone else's experiment.
It has nothing to do with our lab.
So our lab has reached this stage.
So when HCV is infected,
it will stimulate
the occurrence of autofagosome.
Then this fragment membrane will be born.
Then SYN7
will let
these membranes merge into
a complete circle.
Then it can reproduce on this membrane.
It doesn't want this membrane
to merge into the last stage.
So that it can have
these membranes
to attack its RNA reproduction.
That's about it.
This is the research
I did in our lab.
This is a very basic
research in molecular biology.
Basically for
clinical treatment,
how to treat
this virus.
Our job is
to see
what happens
after the virus infects the cell.
What kind of protein is controlled
so that it can reproduce.
Okay.
I'm done.
I have a question.
Before we
start the Q&A,
let's thank Linya for her speech.
Thank you.
Okay.
My question is
you said the protein...
Sorry.
I'm lagging.
You can continue.
The host is lagging.
The protein
will make the membrane
into a circle.
So
the protein
is used
as a signal
to make the membrane into a circle.
Or will it induce
the change in membrane
to make it a circle?
Let me find a picture.
I don't know if you can see it.
On this membrane,
there are some proteins
on this membrane.
On the other membrane,
there may be other proteins.
It's like
these two proteins
work together
to make
these two membranes
merge.
I mentioned
the protein
of Synthase C7.
Its function
is to
make these two membranes
merge together.
These membranes
can connect with each other.
This is what
the protein does.
The membrane that it will merge
is not only the one we just mentioned.
It will also merge many other membranes.
So this series of
Synthase C7
has 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
This series of proteins
are all
making the membrane
to merge.
There are many different membranes in the cell.
So different members
are responsible for
the different membranes to merge.
Does this answer your question?
Yes, thank you.
So the protein is very large, right?
If it wants to
stir this...
Actually, it's very small.
Protein itself is actually quite small.
Mainly because
protein is a
3D structure.
You can imagine your hand.
You can spread it flat.
But you can also bend it.
And you have fingers.
You can interlock your fingers with others.
When you hold it together, it becomes a very small group.
The same goes for protein.
So it can...
When it does what it should do,
it may be interlocked with others.
So it becomes a very small group.
Interlocked.
I understand. Thank you.
There should be no more questions.
Did I talk too fast?
I have a question.
Did you hear that?
Yes, I did.
My question is this.
It's like
confirming my understanding.
You said
when you are infected
by HCV,
you have a...
I forgot the name.
A purple and a blue protein.
The light blue one
will be inhibited.
The purple one will come in.
So it can't be interlocked.
From a pharmacist's point of view,
is it possible that
in the middle stage,
if I can make
a lot of UV rays
in the cells,
it won't happen?
First of all,
this is a protein in the cell.
It's not a virus protein.
The protein in the cell
does what it should do.
So if a pharmacist
affects the protein
in the cell,
it may
harm the cell.
So the virus is
like hijacking
the cell
in the human body
to do
what it wants to do.
But if you say
it will hijack the protein
to do the virus thing,
then the virus
won't be able to reproduce.
This is because the virus
has its own function
in the cell.
If you kill it,
our cells may die first.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Oh, I see.
It's a lot more complicated than I thought.
So from a pharmacist's point of view,
we did a lot of
protein things.
Do you have any questions?
I'm lagging.
I just heard it.
You can continue.
I'm sorry.
That's it.
Anyway,
it's quite difficult
to make medicine for protein.
You have to find
a protein that
only affects the virus
but not the person.
But it's rare.
That means the protein
is useless in the human body.
But in terms of natural evolution,
it's rare that a protein
can be used
to make medicine.
So I think
it's a good idea
to make a protein
that can be used
to make medicine.
I think that's it.
Okay.
Any more questions?
I know I'm lagging.
So when I heard
that everyone said there were no questions,
it should have been a while.
Thank you.
I'll end the call.
Let's thank Lin Ya again.
Thank you.
That's it for today.
Bye-bye.